docs: Add a note about historical `wheel` use in `requires` (#3859)
pypa/setuptools: docs/userguide/quickstart.rst

This section declares what are your build system dependencies, and which
library will be used to actually do the packaging.

.. note::

>    Historically this documentation has wrongly listed ``wheel``
>    in the ``requires`` list, and many projects still do that. This is
>    incorrect. The backend automatically adds ``wheel`` dependency
>    when it is required, and listing it explicitly causes it to be
>    unnecessarily required for source distribution builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Historically this documentation has unnecessarily listed ``wheel``
   in the ``requires`` list, and many projects still do that. This is
   not recommended. The backend automatically adds ``wheel`` dependency
   when it is required, and listing it explicitly causes it to be
   unnecessarily required for source distribution builds.
   You should only explicitly list `wheel` if you are importing it
   in your `setup.py`.
```

Author: Thanks. I've merged your change but fixed formatting and changed "access to it" to "access it" that I believe is more grammatically correct.
